I’m not afraid of heights. Okay for other people to be, I figure, I’m scared of plenty of things too. I’m scared of those flies with scorpion tails we get around here. I’m scared of women that look like my older sister. I’m scared of aliens, just a bit at night. But heights, hell, I love them. I grew up in a tree. In grade school Ma called me Monkey McGee. That is until a growth spurt pushed my height a full foot over hers. Then I was Lanky Kong.
Now, about two hundred feet off the ground, the tail of my safety secured to the railing of a steel crossbeam, it’s Mr. Lanky Kong. Weekdays I climb for AT&T. Telephone poles mostly, but sometimes these big relay towers too. I’m on one today, happy about it too.
A gust of wind caught under my untucked, threadbare work shirt. My armpits, sweat-soaked, turned icy cold and broke me from the daydream. From where I stood, up on this tower, most of Starke was exposed. There was Brown's Trailer Park, where Mom stayed until her liver gave out. Bradford State Prison was off to the north, with its rows of white buildings stretched out like ribcages. And right there was the work truck looking like a dirty Hot Wheels. What I couldn't see was Wayne, the lazy fuck who was supposed to be spotting me.
I grabbed my radio. "Wayne."
Static, probably sleeping it off in the truck. Who gets drunk on a Thursday night?
I knew we were off the beaten path here, but I need a spotter. Time for a wake-up call.
I unclipped the Motorola from my belt and jammed my thumb into the bright orange button labeled EMRG. Stiff with dust, it stuck for a sec. When it gave, I cracked the first smile of the day. The alert sirened through open windows of the truck, faint but distinct.
The top half of Wayne popped out the driver’s side door. I waved, like the kind of wave you give a bus driver, big with my arm all the way out. The alarm stopped, the radio squelched, and Wayne came through with static. “The hell Lanky?”
“Do your job.”
“I could see you just fine.”
“Bullshit. Send my set.” I had forgotten to clip my butt set to my belt before the climb.
While he scrambled to the backside of the work truck to retrieve the equipment, I took a pack of Camel Wides from my back pocket. A cheap translucent lighter was tucked into it. The box was damp with sweat. I tried the lighter a few times until it gave flame.
As Wayne clipped the equipment in and started to string it up the tower, a job his scrawny ass was not built for, I lit the cigarette. A few deep puffs, then I blew the smoke back over the cherry. I leaned back into my harness. Even up here it was hard to breathe. You can’t escape that.
I turned around, bored of the bleak skyline, and opened the junction box. Work order said to clip to pairs one, thirty-two, forty-five, and forty-eight. Over my shoulder the equipment line made a lazy sha, sha, sha sound.
Once the smoke burned down to the filter, I put it out on the bottom of my work boot and flicked it away from the tower. The wind caught it, carried it out of sight.
By the time the equipment bucket reached me, I was anxious to finish. Storm clouds were moving in, and I wasn't looking forward to a climb down in that weather. I fished the butt set out and got to work.
First connection, I put the set up to my ear. Dial tone. With my free hand I pulled out the Motorola. "Wayne."
"What?"
"First line's clear, what's next?"
"Line twenty-three."
"Thirty-two?"
"No, order says twenty-three, dumbass."
Damn, I must have misread. I withdrew the alligator clips and moved them to twenty-three. Lifted the handset. Silence. Dead line.
I checked my clips, made sure they were seated, then pressed it to my ear again.
On the line, there was now a sound. A heavy wheezing. The sound of air moving over teeth on the way in but struggling on the way out. Back on my radio, "Wayne!"
"Whaaaat?" I could hear him rolling his eyes.
"Get off the line, you're not funny."
"What are you talking about?"
I glanced down at the truck. Wayne was there, still lowering the equipment bucket, hands full. I put the butt set back to my ear. The breath was wet and gasping now.
That line started silent. Static? Interference. Maybe the storm to the west, yeah. My left shin started to throb. I wanted off the tower.
I grabbed my field notes and marked it down anyway: "twenty-three, open circuit." A drop of rain splashed the back of my neck. I rushed through the rest. Pair forty-five, open circuit. Forty-eight, bad connection. Then I radioed, "Coming down, let's get out of this rain."
I worked my way down the tower, clipping in and out with muted clanking. About halfway down the rain started. Warm and light, it made the rungs shine and squeak. I picked up my pace, careful of the fire in my leg.
Wayne was already out of the rain when I arrived, sitting in the truck with the windows up, a Marlboro 100 between his fingers like a marijuana cigarette. I climbed in, dripping. Smoke filled the cabin. He squinted at me and said, "Dave's not here, man."
"Shut up. Want to head to Lindy's? Wait it out?"
Wayne shrugged and started the truck.
~
We were headed south on state road sixteen for a few miles before either of us spoke. Wayne was only a year behind me in school, but we didn’t know each other until he hired on. I mean, I knew of him. He was a burnout then too, ditching class and getting drunk out on the swamp. He liked to talk, but not when he was nervous.
His fingers drummed up and down on the wheel, the cigarette burning down and throwing ash everywhere. The light rain had turned heavy and was washing out the road. Gusts of wind rocked the truck.
“You look kind of green there Wayne, want me to drive?”
“We’re almost there.”
“Yeah.”
The tires made slurping sounds against the mud.
~
Lindy’s was just outside of the main drag, where the fifties diner used to be. The parking lot was cracked all to hell, cracks filled with yellow flowers that wobbled from the rain. We stomped on them as we hurried in and out of the storm.
Inside was a long counter surrounded by vinyl-wrapped tables and oak booths. Wayne collapsed into the first open booth against a wall adorned with framed Elvis records and tar-stained newspaper clippings about the food. From the kitchen came a sharp voice, “Be with y’all in a second. Go ahead sit anywhere.”
The seat made a squelching sound as I eased my way into it, a gray strip of duct tape was struggling to hold the cushion together. The metallic scent of old grease announced a waitress emerging from the kitchen carrying a tray of fried catfish. She winked at Wayne, said, “Be right with you sweetie.”
“Getting the burger?”
“Nah, thinking I want a patty-melt today.”
“Well, lah-tee-dah.”
The waitress returned. She smelled like Goldbond. Her smile was long and yellow from years of smoking. “Fellas want the usual?”
“Coffee and a slice of pie for me,” I said.
“That ain’t no lunch,” said Wayne before she could respond, “I’ll have a patty melt, the combo, with a Coke and extra fry sauce. He’ll have the deluxe cheeseburger.”
I didn’t argue.
“Be back with your drinks gentlemen,” said the waitress, tucking the pen and pad into a stiff blue apron.
“You trying to watch your weight there or what?” Wayne slapped my chest with the back of his hand. “You want me to borrow you those Richard Simmons tapes my ex liked so much.”
I grimaced at the joke. “Wayne, I heard something weird up there on line thirty-two.”
“Twenty-three.”
“Yeah, yeah, twenty-three. Well, you ever hear a voice on an open line?”
His bit on his fingernails.
“I mean, it was dead, then it wasn’t.”
From the kitchen came a gasping cough. I turned my head toward the noise, but no more sound came. I rubbed my shin. Unbothered, Wayne lit a cigarette and pulled the ash tray to the center of the table.
“Look, you done this job longer than me, a dead line is just that, dead.” He sat back in his seat and touched his index finger to his forehead. “You think maybe it was someone on hold, like they was on the phone but not talking?” His fingers, dark with grease, traced the laminated edges of the cocktail menu.
“I don’t know. I didn’t put a meter on it, cause of the rain.”
Wayne nodded in agreement. The coughing in the kitchen continued. I shifted in my seat and kicked my leg against the ground.
I said, “The line was quiet, dead like. I checked my connections, they were good, and then I heard someone.”
 “You know what that reminds me of?” Wayne’s thumb started to twitch.
“Here’s your coffee, cream’s right there,” said the waitress, returning to the table, “Here’s your pop.” She wiped the table with a bleach soaked rag then put down a tall bottle of Coke.
“Thank you, ma’am,” said Wayne. I nodded and she left.
“What were you saying now?”
Wayne pushed down on the straw dispenser at the end of the table. 
“Oh, you know, just one of those things you hear.”
I blew on my coffee.
“I heard the FBI is always messing with our lines. Hell I heard half the time we get called out it’s ‘cause they trashed something trying to cover their tracks.”
Wayne went on about blackmail and political power as I lost track. Outside the window, the monsoon had broken and the rain was now gentle, soft. My own breathing was clear, even while strained by cigarette smoke. It wasn’t wet or even heavy though, that person on the line sounded bad.
“Wayne.” I interrupted his speech. “I heard someone breathing on the line.”
He took a long drink through a straw. “That was a Fed.”
I put my palms up, “Who did the report say that line belonged to?”
“No one, it should have been open.”
“Exactly.” I said, “It should have been a dial tone or a buzz.”
“I keep telling you Lanky, it’s all one big cover up.”
~
I pulled into the Texaco around four thirty, having left Wayne at the warehouse after we signed off.
The coffee there was the worst, but I’ll be damned if it wasn’t strong. I always have drank my coffee black, but that night I dropped in one shot of prepackaged French vanilla creamer.
I stirred it with a thin plastic spoon as I approached the checkout. “Hey, Lisa.” I smiled.
“Oh hey, Lanky,” she said without looking back. “Ain’t seen you in a while.”
“Oh, you know,” was all I could say.
Lisa’s eyes were a bit too far apart and her mouth a bit too wide. I always thought she was pretty, even when the other boys called her Trout behind her back.
“No beer today?” she asked, turning around.
I glanced at the cooler full of tall boys to my left. “Nah, just the coffee. Oh, and a pack of Camels.”
“Wides?”
“Sure.”
She stretched to grab the cigarettes. 
Her hair was dyed red, tucked back under an old ball cap. “Your new color looks nice,” I said.
“Thanks hon.” She put the pack and a book of matches on the counter. “That’ll be three fifty-two.”
“Oh, uh, yeah. See you later, Lisa,” I said, and hurried out the door.
~
My apartment was the left side of a red-brick on Bradford. The patio led out to Alligator Creek. I was sitting on a vinyl beach chair, feet on a cinder block. In my lap was a full ashtray. I was nursing an O’Douls. Croaks drifted on the wind from beyond the treeline. I stared at the rain as it ran from the awning and down the gutter. It flooded the grass and flowed over into the drive.
It was early evening, the sunset muted by the clouds. I still had my work-shirt on, unbuttoned and flapping in the breeze. My undershirt had cigarette burns in it. I scratched the stubble on my neck and yawned. 
From the storm drain, a head emerged. A black ribbon flicked out from it, tasting the air. A chicken snake. It squirmed through the grass toward my open patio. I grabbed a plank of rotten lumber.
Before it reached the mossy concrete pad, it froze. The head rotated back toward the creek, toward the frogs. My grip loosened. We waited there, listening through the quiet roar of the water. The cicadas had stopped, the hoppers too. Even the creek had gone quiet in the deluge.
Then out of the corner of my eye, I saw a flash in the dark. A mass of black wires flew through the grass. Twisting, they raced toward the snake. When the light hit, the cables became a massive bull snake. Its unhinged jaw engulfed the smaller snake headfirst, latching on.  As the larger snake choked down the smaller, I thought of feeding cables into a conduit. The two animals struggled a while as I sipped my beer. At last, they disappeared into the tall grass.
Through the screen door, I heard the phone ring.
After seeing the chief’s number on my caller id, I decided to answer it on the last ring. “Hullo.”
On the other side he started telling just what he was going to do with my ass if I kept up the shit work.
“Slow down, boss.”
“I heard you, I heard you. First thing tomorrow. I won’t fuck it up again. I heard.”
I slammed the phone down and dialed Wayne. Busy. I glanced outside the door to find the snakes were gone. I dialed again. He picked up on the third ring. He was slurring and demanding.
“It’s fucking Lawrence, that’s who.”
I paced.
“Lanky, it’s Lanky, remember me now? Chief call you?”
I leaned against the bar and kicked around an empty coke can that had fallen there.
“I know tomorrow is Saturday, I still need a spotter, even on a Saturday.”
“You told me line twenty-three, when it was thirty-two the whole time.”
“Yes, you did, okay. You’re gonna meet me at the warehouse at seven.”
I paced to the fish tank and back.
“No? Well fine, fuck you too then.”
I kicked a barstool and missed, foot instead crashing into the coffee table and upturning it.
I left it there. The phone rang again. Bwee, bwee. Bwee, bwee.
I squinted at the caller id, then turned on the light. PRIVATE. I let it go to the answering machine.
I lit a cigarette and stared at the pizza boxes piling up on the bar. I felt the top box, still warm.
The machine finished its greeting, “... after the beep.”
A tone sounded and I waited for the telemarketer.
Nothing. No sound, just the hiss of the tape head.
I stood up and took a step toward the phone. The machine started recording a breathing sound, a rasping. 
I snatched up the phone. I heard air being sucked in through a clenched jaw.  “Wayne.” I said.
The breathing continued unfazed.
“Wayne, I’m so sick of you.”
I stretched on the coiled tan cord. No change on the line, just the rhythmic breathing. Struggling, I could hear the damp sound of clacking teeth.
“I’ll see you tomorrow.”
I hung up the phone.
It rang again. I walked into the kitchen and let the machine pick it up.
I looked at my trembling hands and then at the pantry. I massaged my shin. Then, on my hands and knees like a dog, I dug around behind expired cans of corn and mold covered bread on the bottom shelf until I found a brown bottle. It was empty, bone dry.
~
When the alarm went off I hit the snooze a bit too hard and knocked one of the batteries out.
“Goddamn, it’s not even sunrise yet hoss,” I said to the fish tank across the room.
I reached down and turned Ma’s CPAP machine off, the soft hiss of air and hum of the compressor shuddering to a stop. I liked the noise, helped me sleep.
I shambled into the kitchen and reached for the bag of ground coffee I kept above the fridge. Empty. Fuck. I had to leave early then, stop by the Texaco.
I rummaged around in the fridge until I found a stale biscuit from Hardees. I sat at the bar that separated the living room from the kitchen and ate. Crumbs tumbled down into the carpet, mixing with the cigarette ashes.
~
I snuck into the gas station a half hour later. I poured my coffee, grabbed some jerky, and headed to pay. At the counter was a man I’d never met smoking a Backwoods. He looked at me. “Help ya?”
“Yeah, I’ll...”
He raised his black eyebrows.
“I’ll have a pack of Camels and these,” I said, shoving my purchases toward him.
“Filters?”
“Sure, I mean, no, wides please.”
After I paid, I asked, “Lisa around this morning?”
“That night girl? She left already,” He shrugged and tapped the cigar against the counter before taking a drag.
~
The sun was coming up behind the warehouse. The bay doors were closed.
I pulled my Ford up and past the chain-link gate. On the barbwire a small crow greeted me with an uneven ‘mee-uh’ sound. I cranked down the window and tossed out the rest of the jerky. We’d done this ritual for a few weeks.
I noticed Wayne’s old Firebird was already parked. I’ll be damned. But when I found him, Wayne was dead still in the driver's seat. The car was running, the AC cranked. He snored, taking no notice of me even after I knocked on the glass.
I took the Camel’s out of my shirt pocket and started to pack them.
Tak, tak, tak against my palm.
I scowled.
Tak, tak, tak.
Figured I’d done enough, so I opened the pack and flipped the middle one upside down.
I didn’t need him. I was Lanky Kong.
~
Tower seven sat off SR16, between Starke and the prison. The road was lined with huge oaks choked by Spanish moss. Hanging there in the morning light, the moss looked like the veins in those wall charts at the doctor’s office.
I chain smoked on the way out, using one cigarette to light the other. I should have bought two packs. The drive was quiet, which was a relief. People hate this truck. All they see is their long-distance bill driving like shit.
I finally got to the tower and hit the gravel lot too fast, almost slid into one of the metal legs. 
I exhaled for a long time then glanced to empty passenger seat. I cut the engine and opened the door.
~
From a clean red Craftsman toolbox I produced a small multi-meter and the buttset. I double checked my harness as I stepped into it. The clips dangled with a dull clanking.
“Fucking Wayne.” I said, putting on my hardhat over a sweat-stained ball cap.
The crabgrass was slick, and the ladder up was too.
The junction box from the ground is a twenty-minute climb, on a good day. I wanted to take my time that morning. The sun was high enough to be hot, but at least I faced away from it. My radio hissed as I tossed it through the open window, against the driver’s seat
My shin started to ache at fifty feet. I hadn’t bothered to clip in, trusting my body to lead.
I broke from that trance at around one-hundred feet, when the first rain drop splattered against my hardhat. I clipped my left safety in and reached for my radio, a reflex. I lost my balance and my grip. I fell. 
The safety harness snapped tight and I shot into the ladder face first. My lip exploded, pain racing through my jaw and teeth. 
“Shit!” I hollered, blood spraying.
I got a grip and secured my other safety. My vision doubled. I fished an old bandana out of my bag, dangling there. I held it to my mouth and checked for loose teeth with my tongue.
The lower jaw and shin both throbbed in unison.
I took the rest of the climb slow, spitting and cursing. I watched clouds in the distance speed by. Fucking thirty-two.
Two hundred feet. The arms of the tower intercepted with the long distance wires a few feet above my head. There was the scaffolding and the junction box.
As I pried open the box, the wind caught the lip and slammed it open on my left hand. I recoiled and let my safety catch me. A couple of knuckles had busted open.
I grabbed my multi-meter and put it on line thirty-two. It was hot, signal was fine. I confirmed with the handset, dial tone. Pure dial tone, like a glass of cold water.
Grazing my fingers over each connection, my knuckles started to ache.
As I removed the alligator clips from line thirty-two, my hands shook. I attached them to twenty-three. I looked out across the wires, toward the trailer park, then toward the prison. I put the headset up to my ear. I pushed the blue plastic speaker into my ear so hard it hurt. I closed my eyes, letting the wind rock me. 
At first, there was nothing but the hiss of a tape head. So, I waited. I waited to hear her again.

